so I want to tell you about my mother my
mother the famous non cook she made
strawberry shortcake
she made very little else that I can
remember but she made strawberry
shortcake here's how she made it
store-bought biscuits basket of
strawberries whipped cream out of a can
but still for me that was homemade and
that was special
so strawberry shortcake has a very
special place in my heart but I haven't
always loved store-bought biscuits and
whipped cream out of a can so I make my
own strawberry shortcake and I use roses
in this recipe I actually learned that
strawberries are not a fruit they're a
member of the rose family and it makes
such good sense if you think of how
fragrant strawberries are it's a
beautiful combination I use the petals
of unsprayed roses and a candy them
which is such a neat trick you just take
an egg white and you beat it until it's
foamy you take a petal from the rose
run it through the egg white run it
through the sugar and leave it to dry
then I make a strawberry compote I just
chopped up fresh strawberries mix them
with sugar and cook them for about five
minutes just until the juice
becomes a little syrupy then and pure
rose extract when you put the extract
into the warm compote the sink is just
it's dizzying as the Conquer cools the
rose flavor and scent becomes subdued
and so it's a very subtle background
flavor
when you're ready to build your
shortcake
take the top off the biscuit I like to
take the spoon full of compote just a
little spoonful put it in the center and
I just circle the compote with the
whipped cream and then I slice fresh
berries and just stand oh maybe three
berries up in the compote I take a
candied rose petal and I'll put it
between the stand-up berries it's such a
beautiful dessert and I love that I can
use Driscoll's berries two different
ways in this recipe actually both is the
compote and as the fresh fruit on top
because the berries are beautiful
they're fresh and they're so delicious
you